the 2008 tourist season has also been closed, the time has finally arrived
longed for winter break after a full year's running
the bergamasco simone albergoni of the sports group flames gold with the
victory of the Italian absolute 2008 reached the fifth Italian team
consecutive
since 2004 it has dominated and beaten the 250 4-stroke class
a beautiful season fought and suffered between great satisfactions and some
disappointment but I am not
I am too satisfied with my season for you
third place in the world - a bit tight as I was with
Start swingers as told championship
but I had won the Italian championship and the
a meager consolation though
let's say they put it on then I lost my concentration a bit
you didn't go out to get the third place finish in the world
next year it will change a very much horn cause. the exit of the del
my team ufo hammock courses
equini I will return altin that launched me in this world that is ktm farioli
and I will still be riding an orange 50 this time
albergoni therefore returns to run with a ktm
with which he made his debut back in 1996, winning his first podium of the
regional cadets
his long experience with the 2 50 4 stroke engine confirms this
pilot of the category is one also next year serving shoots it
rains ella 300 2 stroke and me
1 year msn we will be danish we will be there
spearhead names
ktm precisely and one in the category e1
appointments for 2009 are challenging
presumably they begin on 7 March with the Italian absolutes hey 14 and 15 March
in portugal for the world premiere certainly not world-wide six days e
hired italy
but they ran it must be a good year otherwise
I'll have to change sports
jokes aside anyway
it is a satisfaction that I must take away not
I have to win the world championship